[FLINK-17686][doc] Add document to dataGen, print, blackhole connectors (#12610)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/connectors/print.md

nav-parent_id: sql-connectors
nav-pos: 5
---
<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

<span class="label label-primary">Sink: Bounded</span>
<span class="label label-primary">Sink: UnBounded</span>

* This will be replaced by the TOC
{:toc}

The Print connector allows for writing every row to the standard output or standard error stream.

It is designed for:

- Easy test for streaming job.
- Very useful in production debugging.

Four possible format options:

> - PRINT_IDENTIFIER:taskId> output  <- PRINT_IDENTIFIER provided, parallelism > 1

Reviewer: The web display is not friendly

- PRINT_IDENTIFIER> output         <- PRINT_IDENTIFIER provided, parallelism == 1
- taskId> output         		   <- no PRINT_IDENTIFIER provided, parallelism > 1
- output                 		   <- no PRINT_IDENTIFIER provided, parallelism == 1

> The output string format is "$RowKind(f0,f1,f2...)", example is: "+I(1,1)".

Reviewer: explain more about RowKind here or give a link where already explained it?

The Print connector is built-in.

<span class="label label-danger">Attention</span> Print sink print records in tasks, you need to observe the task log.

How to create an Print table
----------------

> Although it doesn't make sense to define the fields of print table, you need to write them all in DDL.

Reviewer 2: Same as above, lets drop this. 
```suggestion
```

<div class="codetabs" markdown="1">
<div data-lang="SQL" markdown="1">
{% highlight sql %}
CREATE TABLE print_table (
 f0 INT,
 f1 INT,
 f2 STRING,
 f3 DOUBLE
) WITH (
 'connector' = 'print'
)
{% endhighlight %}
</div>
</div>

> Another way is using [LIKE Clause]({{ site.baseurl }}/dev/table/sql/create.html#create-table).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, it may be based on an existing schema using the [LIKE Clause]({{ site.baseurl }}/dev/table/sql/create.html#create-table).
```

<span class="label label-primary">Sink: UnBounded</span>

* This will be replaced by the TOC
{:toc}

The Print connector allows for writing every row to the standard output or standard error stream.

It is designed for:

- Easy test for streaming job.
- Very useful in production debugging.

Four possible format options:

<table class="table table-bordered">
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 40%">Print</th>
        <th class="text-center" style="width: 30%">Condition1</th>
        <th class="text-center" style="width: 30%">Condition2</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><h5>PRINT_IDENTIFIER:taskId> output</h5></td>
      <td>PRINT_IDENTIFIER provided</td>
      <td>parallelism > 1</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><h5>PRINT_IDENTIFIER> output</h5></td>
      <td>PRINT_IDENTIFIER provided</td>
      <td>parallelism == 1</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><h5>taskId> output</h5></td>
      <td>no PRINT_IDENTIFIER provided</td>
      <td>parallelism > 1</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><h5>output</h5></td>
      <td>no PRINT_IDENTIFIER provided</td>
      <td>parallelism == 1</td>
    </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

> The output string format is "$row_kind(f0,f1,f2...)", row_kind is the short string of [RowKind](https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-master/api/java/org/apache/flink/types/RowKind.html), example is: "+I(1,1)".

Reviewer: The url should be changed with flink version. such as for 1.11, `flink-doces-master` should be changed to `flink-docs-release-1.11`

Reviewer 2: Use { site.baseurl }

Author: Changed to `{{ site.baseurl }}`

The Print connector is built-in.

> <span class="label label-danger">Attention</span> Print sink print records in tasks, you need to observe the task log.

Reviewer: nit: Print sink print ... -> Print sink prints ...
